
Less than a year from now, in this very arena, one of these 10 candidates or one of the seven on the previous debate tonight will accept the Republican partys nomination. (APPLAUSE) Tonights candidates were selected based on an average of five national polls. Just a few hours ago, you heard from the candidates ranked 11th through 17. And now, the prime-time event, the top 10.
Neurosurgeon, Dr. Ben Carson. (APPLAUSE) Texas Senator Ted Cruz. (APPLAUSE) Florida Senator Marco Rubio. (APPLAUSE)
It might be. It might be. Well see.
It might be. The rules for tonight are simple. One minute for answers, 30 seconds for follow-ups. And if a candidate runs over, youll hear this. Pleasant, no? We also have a big crowd here with us tonight in the home of the Cavaliers, as I mentioned. And while we expect them (APPLAUSE)  we expect them to be enthusiastic, as you heard, we dont want to take anything away from the valuable time for the candidate. So, were looking for somewhere between a reaction to a LeBron James dunk and the Cleveland Public Library across the street. (LAUGHTER) Somewhere there, well find a balance tonight. Without further ado, lets begin.
Gentlemen, we know how much you love hand-raising questions. So we promise, this is the only one tonight: the only one. Is there anyone on stage, and can I see hands, who is unwilling tonight to pledge your support to the eventual nominee of the Republican party and pledge to not run an independent campaign against that person. Again, were looking for you to raise your hand now  raise your hand now if you wont make that pledge tonight. Mr. Trump. (BOOING) Mr. Trump to be clear, youre standing on a Republican primary debate stage.
The place where the RNC will give the nominee the nod.
And that experts say an independent run would almost certainly hand the race over to Democrats and likely another Clinton. You cant say tonight that you can make that pledge?
So tonight, you cant say if another one of these
OK.
Dr. Paul.
OK.
Just to be clear, you cant make a  were gonna  were going to move on. Youre not gonna make the pledge tonight?
OK. Alright. (LAUGHTER, BOOING)
Governor Bush, you have insisted that youre your own man. You say you have a life experience uniquely your own. Not your fathers, not your brothers. But there are several opponents on this stage who get big- applause lines in early voting states with this line: quote, the last thing the country needs is another Bush in the Oval Office. So do you understand the real concern in this country about dynastic politics?
Governor Christie, youre not exactly the darling of conservatives. You tout your record as a Republican governor in a blue state. On Facebook, the most people talking about you, not surprisingly, come from your state of New Jersey, and one of the top issues they are talking about is the economy. This  this may be why. Under your watch, New Jersey has undergone nine credit rating downgrades. The states 44th in private sector growth. You face an employee pension crisis and the Garden State has the third highest foreclosure rate in the country. So why should voters believe that your management of the countrys finances would be any different?
Senator Paul, you recently blamed the rise of ISIS on Republican hawks. You later said that that statement, you could have said it better. But, the statement went on, and you said, quote, Everything theyve talked about in foreign policy, theyve been wrong for the last 20 years. Why are you so quick to blame your own party?
Gentlemen, the next series of questions deals with ObamaCare and the role of the federal government. Mr. Trump, ObamaCare is one of the things you call a disaster.
Saying it needs to be repealed and replaced.
Now, 15 years ago, uncalled yourself a liberal on health care. You were for a single-payer system, a Canadian-style system. Why were you for that then and why arent you for it now?
But on ObamaCare
Mr. Trump, hold up one second.
All right, now, hold on, Senator Paul
OK.
All right, let me (APPLAUSE)
Mr. Trump, its not just your past support for single- payer health care. Youve also supported a host of other liberal policies. Use  youve also donated to several Democratic candidates, Hillary Clinton included, Nancy Pelosi. You explained away those donations saying you did that to get business-related favors. And you said recently, quote, When you give, they do whatever the hell you want them to do.
So what specifically did  they do?
Hold on. Were going to  were going to move on. (CROSSTALK)
Well come back to you, Governor Walker.
We have many questions to come.
Many questions to come. (APPLAUSE)
Governor Huckabee, on Facebook, John Pietricone asked this, Will you abolish or take away the powers and cut the size of the EPA, the IRS, the Department of Education? Now, broadly (APPLAUSE)  broadly, the size of government is a big concern for Facebook users, Facebook persons, as well as, obviously, conservatives. But year after year, decade after decade, there are promises from Republicans to shrink government. But year after year, decade after decade, it doesnt happen. In fact, it gets bigger, even under Republican politicians. So the question is, at this point, is the government simply too big for any one person, even a Republican, to shrink?
Dr. Carson
Dr. Carson, do you agree with that?
Governor Bush?
Were going to come back to you, Dr. Carson. Governor Bush, you are one of the few people on the stage who advocates for Common Core education standards, reading and math. A lot of people on this stage vigorously oppose federal involvement in education. They say it should all be handled locally. President Obamas secretary of education, Arnie Duncan, has said that most of the criticism of Common Core is due to a, quote, fringe group of critics. Do you think thats accurate?
Senator Rubio, why is Governor Bush wrong on Common Core?
And do you agree with your old friend?
We have many more questions coming on a host of topics, here from Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. Stay with us. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
We have many more questions coming on a host of topics. Here from Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland. Stay with us. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Gentlemen, another question for a few of you. Yesterday, just yesterday, President Obama criticized Republican lawmakers trying to block the Iran deal, calling them knee-jerk partisans, adding that hardliners in Iran who chant death to America were quote, making common cause with the Republican caucus. Heres what two of your opponents on the five p.m. debate stage said about Iran. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Now, I wanna ask a few of you this. First, Governor Walker. Youve said that you would tear up the Iran deal on day one. If this deal is undone, what then?
Senator Paul, would you tear up the deal on day one?
Governor Huckabee, what do you think about what Senator Paul just said?
Thank you, gentlemen.
Welcome back to Cleveland. Our next topic is foreign policy. Candidates, you may not have seen the late developing news today our Fox Pentagon team broke earlier this evening about a top Iranian general traveling to Moscow to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin. His name is General Qassem Soleimani, hes blamed for hundreds of U.S. troops death in Iraq, and Afghanistan. His trip to Russia appears to directly violate U.N. Security Council resolutions to confine him to Iran. So, Mr. Trump, if you were president, how would you respond to this?
Another new development today, Senior Defense officials tell Fox they strongly suspect Russia was behind the cyber attack on the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs office email. This comes in the wake of the director of national intelligence blaming the Chinese for the largest ever cyber attack, stealing personal data of tens of millions of Americans. Senator Cruz, in your view, have Russia and China committed of cyber war, and if you were president, what would you do about it?
Dr. Carson, in August of 2012 President Obama famously declared Syrian President Bashar al-Assad used chemical weapons, quote, thats a red line for us, and that there would be enormous consequences. One year later, and with overwhelming evidence the Assad had, in fact, used chemical weapons and crossed that red line, President Obama declined to use military force against the Assad regime. As president, would you have used military force there?
Governor Walker, as president, what would you do if Russian President Vladimir Putin started a campaign to destabilize NATO allies Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, mirroring the actions Putin took at the early days of Ukraine?
Governor  Governor Huckabee, the culture of the American military is definitely changing. Women are moving into combat roles. Dont Ask, Dont Tell has obviously been dropped. And now Defense Secretary Ashton Carter recently directed the military to prepare for a moment when it is welcoming transgender persons to serve openly. As commander in chief, how would you handle that?
Senator Paul, the first budget your proposed as senator cut all financial aid to Israel. You have since changed your view on that issue. What made you change your mind.
OK. But you still say that Israel could be one of the countries that is cut from financial aid?
Governor Christie, what do you think of that answer?
Governor, thank you.
Senator, were going to finish up with some more questions, thank you.
Now each candidate will make a closing statement. Youll all have 30 seconds to make a closing statement for this <debate>. Well start with Ohio Governor John Kasich.
Senator Marco Rubio.
Thank you, Senator.
Governor Mike Huckabee, closing statement.
Mr. Trump, closing statement, sir.
Gentlemen, thank you.
Thats it.