
Absolutely, I do, and Im gonna run hard, run with heart, and run to win. Im gonna have to earn this. Maybe the barrier  the bars even higher for me. Thats fine. Ive got a record in Florida. Im proud of my dad, and Im certainly proud of my brother. In Florida, they called me Jeb, because I earned it. I cut taxes every year, totaling $19 billion. We were  we had  we balanced every budget. We went from $1 billion of reserves to $9 billion of reserves. We were one of two states that went to AAA bond rating.
They keep  they called me Veto Corleone. Because I vetoed 2,500 separate line-items in the budget. (APPLAUSE) I am my own man. I governed as a conservative, and I govern effectively. And the net effect was, during my eight years, 1.3 million jobs were created. We left the state better off because I applied conservative principles in a purple state the right way, and people rose up. (APPLAUSE)
I do. I believe that the great majority of people coming here illegally have no other option. They want to provide for their family. But we need to control our border. Its not  its our responsibility to pick and choose who comes in. So I  Ive written a book about this and yet this week, I did come up with a comprehensive strategy that  that really mirrored what we said in the book, which is that we need to deal with E-Verify, we need to deal with people that come with a legal visa and overstay. We need to be much more strategic on how we deal with border enforcement, border security. We need to eliminate the sanctuary cities in this country. It is ridiculous and tragic (APPLAUSE)  that people are dying because of the fact that  that local governments are not following the federal law. Theres much to do. And I think rather than talking about this as a wedge issue, which Barack Obama has done now for six long years, the next president  and I hope to be that president  will fix this once and for all so that we can turn this into a driver for high sustained economic growth. And there should be a path to earned legal status (BUZZER NOISE)  for those that are here. Not  not amnesty, earned legal status, which means you pay a fine and do many things over an extended period of time. I remember I remember, Megyn. (LAUGHTER)
Knowing what we know now, with faulty intelligence, and not having security be the first priority when  when we invaded, it was a mistake. I wouldnt have gone in, however, for the people that did lose their lives, and the families that suffer because of it  I know this full well because as governor of the state of Florida, I called every one of them. Every one of them that I could find to tell them that I was praying for them, that I cared about them, and it was really hard to do. And, every one of them said that their child did not die in vain, or their wife, of their husband did not die in vain. So, why it was difficult for me to do it was based on that. Heres the lesson that we should take from this, which relates to this whole subject, Barack Obama became president, and he abandoned Iraq. He left, and when he left Al Qaida was done for. ISIS was created because of the void that we left, and that void now exists as a caliphate the size of Indiana. To honor the people that died, we need to  we need to  stop the  Iran agreement, for sure, because the Iranian mullahs have their blood on their hands, and we need to take out ISIS with every tool at our disposal. (APPLAUSE)
No, I dont. And I dont believe the federal government should be involved in the creation of standards directly or indirectly, the creation of curriculum or content. It is clearly a state responsibility. Im for higher standards (APPLAUSE)  measured in an intellectually honest way, with abundant school choice, ending social promotion. And I know how to do this because as governor of the state of Florida I created the first statewide voucher program in the country, the second statewide voucher program, in the country and the third statewide voucher program in the country. And we had rising student achievement across the board, because high standards, robust accountability, ending social promotion in third grade, real school choice across the board, challenging the teachers union and beating them is the way to go. And Floridas low income kids had the greatest gains inside the country. Our graduation rate improved by 50 percent. Thats what Im for.
He is definitely my friend. And I think the states ought to create these standards. And if states want to opt out of Common Core, fine. Just make sure your standards are high. Because today in America, a third of our kids, after we spend more per student than any country in the world other than a couple rounding errors, to be honest with you, 30 percent are college- and/or career-ready.
If we are going to compete in this world were in today, there is no possible way we can do it with lowering expectations and dumbing down everything. Children are going to suffer and families hearts are going to be broken that their kids wont be able to get a job in the 21st Century. (APPLAUSE)
Weve done it 27 times since World War II. I think we need to lift our spirits and have high, lofty expectations for this great country of ours. The new normal of two percent that the left is saying you cant do anything about is so dangerous for our country. Theres 6 million people living in poverty today, more than when Barack Obama got elected. 6.5 million people are working part-time, most of whom want to work full-time. Weve created rules and taxes on top of every aspiration of people, and the net result is were not growing fast, income is not growing. A four percent growth strategy means you fix a convoluted tax code. You get in and you change every aspect of regulations that are job killers. You get rid of Obamacare and replace it with something that doesnt suppress wages and kill jobs. (APPLAUSE) You embrace the energy revolution in our country. This president and Hillary Clinton, who cant even say shes for the X.L. pipeline even after shes left? Give me a break. Of course were for it. We should be for these things to create high sustained economic growth. And frankly, fixing our immigration system and turning it into an economic driver is part of this as well. We can do this. (APPLAUSE)
I joined the Bloomberg Foundation because of Mike Bloombergs shared commitment for meaningful education reform. Thats why I was on it. We never had a debate about the budget. It was presented and we approved it. Not item by item. Heres my record: As governor of the state of Florida, I defunded Planned Parenthood. I created a culture of life in our state. (APPLAUSE)
We were the only state to appropriate money for crisis pregnancy centers. We expand dramatically the number adoptions out of our foster care system. We did parental notification laws. We ended partial-birth abortion. We did all of this and we were the first state to do a choose life license plate. Now 29 states have done it, and tens of millions of dollars have gone to create a culture where more people, more babies are adopted.
No, I didnt know. But it doesnt matter. I was working on the board because of education. My record is clear. My record as a pro-life governor is not in dispute. I am completely pro-life, and I believe that we should have a culture of life. Its informed by my faith from beginning to end. (APPLAUSE) And I this not just as it related to unborn babies, I did it at the end of life issues as well. This is something that goes way beyond politics. And I hope one day we get to the point where we respect life in its fullest form across the board. (APPLAUSE)
None of which is true.
No. Its not true. But I have said that Mr. Trumps language is divisive. I want to win. I want one of these people here or the ones at 5:00, to be the next president of the United States. Were not going on win by doing what Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton do each and every day. Dividing the country. Saying, creating a grievance kind of environment. Were going to win when we unite people with a hopeful, optimistic message. I have that message because I was a governor of a state that saw people lifted up, because we had high sustained economic growth. Our economy grew at double the rate of the nation. We created 1.3 million jobs. We led the nation seven out of those eight years. We were only one of two states that went to AAA bond rating. I cut taxes, $19 billion. If you do that and apply conservative principles the right way, you create an environment where everybody rises up. Thats how were going to win. Campaigning in places to give people hope that their life is better because too many people are suffering today in America.
Heres what I believe. I believe were at the verge of the greatest time to be alive in this world. But Washington is holding us back. How we tax, how we regulate. Were not embracing the energy revolution in our midst, a broken immigration system that has been politicized rather than turning it into an economic driver. Were not protecting and preserving our entitlement system or reforming for the next generation. All these things languish while we have politicians in Washington using these as wedge issues. Heres my commitment to you, because I did it as Florida. We can fix these things. We can grow economically and restore Americas leadership in the world, so that everybody has a chance to rise up. I humbly ask for your vote, whenever youre gonna get to vote, whenever the primary is. Thank you all very much.