
It is nine p.m. on the East Coast, and the moment of truth has arrived.
Welcome to the first debate night of the 2016 presidential campaign, live from Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio. Im Megyn Kelly (APPLAUSE)  along with my co-moderators, Brett Baier and Chris Wallace. Tonight (APPLAUSE) Nice. Tonight, thousands of people here in the Q, along with millions of voters at home will get their very first chance to see the candidates face off in a debate, answering the questions you want answered.
As for the candidates who will be answering those questions? Here they are. Positioned on the stage by how they stand in the polls, in the center of the stage tonight, businessman Donald Trump. (APPLAUSE) Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. (APPLAUSE) Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker. (APPLAUSE) Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee. (APPLAUSE)
Gentlemen, our first round of questions is on the subject of electability in the general election, and we start tonight with you, Dr. Carson. You are a successful neurosurgeon, but you admit that you have had to study up on foreign policy, saying theres a lot to learn. Your critics say that your inexperience shows. Youve suggested that the Baltic States are not a part of NATO, just months ago you were unfamiliar with the major political parties and government in Israel, and domestically, you thought Alan Greenspan had been treasury secretary instead of federal reserve chair. Arent these basic mistakes, and dont they raise legitimate questions about whether you are ready to be president?
Mr. Trump, one of the things people love about you is you speak your mind and you dont use a politicians filter. However, that is not without its downsides, in particular, when it comes to women. Youve called women you dont like fat pigs, dogs, slobs, and disgusting animals. (LAUGHTER) Your Twitter account
No, it wasnt. (APPLAUSE) Your Twitter account (APPLAUSE)
For the record, it was well beyond Rosie ODonnell.
Your Twitter account has several disparaging comments about womens looks. You once told a contestant on Celebrity Apprentice it would be a pretty picture to see her on her knees. Does that sound to you like the temperament of a man we should elect as president, and how will you answer the charge from Hillary Clinton, who was likely to be the Democratic nominee, that you are part of the war on women?
Governor Walker, youve consistently said that you want to make abortion illegal even in cases of rape, incest, or to save the life of the mother. You recently signed an abortion law in Wisconsin that does have an exception for the mothers life, but youre on the record as having objected to it. Would you really let a mother die rather than have an abortion, and with 83 percent of the American public in favor of a life exception, are you too out of the mainstream on this issue to win the general election?
Governor Kasich, You chose to expand Medicaid in your state, unlike several other governors on this stage tonight, and it is already over budget by some estimates costing taxpayers an additional $1.4 billion in just the first 18 months. You defended your Medicaid expansion by invoking God, saying to skeptics that when they arrive in heaven, Saint Peter isnt going to ask them how small theyve kept government, but what they have done for the poor. Why should Republican voters, who generally want to shrink government, believe that you wont use your Saint Peter rationale to expand every government program?
Alright, gentlemen, were gonna switch topics now and talk a bit about terror and national security. Governor Christie. Youve said that Senator Pauls opposition to the NSAs collection of phone records has made the United States weaker and more vulnerable, even going so far as to say that he should be called before Congress to answer for it if we should be hit by another terrorist attack. Do you really believe you can assign blame to Senator Paul just for opposing he bulk collection of peoples phone records in the event of a terrorist attack?
Go ahead, sir.
Governor Christie, make your point.
Go ahead, governor.
Alright.
Alright, weve gotta cut it off there. We have plenty more we want to get to. That was an interesting exchange, thank you for that.
Well, I want to move on, because I have  were gonna get to you, governor, but I  I really wanna get to a Facebook questioner. His name is Alex Chalgren, and he has the following question: (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Senator Cruz, I wanna talk to you about this, because many of the Facebook users and  and  the  the folks on Facebook wanted the candidates to speak to ISIS tonight. You asked the chairman of the joint chiefs a question: What would it take to destroy ISIS in 90 days? He told you IISIS will only be truly destroyed once they are rejected by the populations in which they hide. And then you accused him of pushing Medicaid for the Iraqis. How would you destroy ISIS in 90 days?
You dont see it as (APPLAUSE) an ideological problem  an ideological problem in addition to a military one? (APPLAUSE)
Governor Bush, for days on end in this campaign, you struggled to answer a question about whether knowing what we know now we wouldve invaded Iraq
I remember it too, and ISIS, of course, is now thriving there. You finally said, No. To the families of those who died in that war who say they liberated and deposed a ruthless dictator, how do you look at them now and say that your brothers war was a mistake?
Governor Walker, in February you said that we needed to gain partners in the Arab world. Which Arab country not already in the U.S. led coalition has potential to be our greatest partner?
Dr. Carson, in one of his first acts as commander in chief, President Obama signed an executive order banning enhanced interrogation techniques in fighting terror. As president, would you bring back water boarding?
We have a lot for you, dont worry. (LAUGHTER) (APPLAUSE)
Fear not, you may rue that request.
Its just before 10:00 p.m. on the East Coast. Welcome back to Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio, and the very first Republican primary debate of the 2016 presidential campaign. Ten candidates on the stage, selected based on their standing in five national polls. And tonight they are facing off, answering the questions you want asked. We hope. (LAUGHTER)
(OFF MIKE) Sounds like somebodys a little R-rated. (APPLAUSE)
Well, the first debate night of the 2016 presidential campaign continues from Cleveland after a short time-out. Stick around. Social issues, next. (COMMERCIAL BREAK)
Welcome back, gentleman. Were going to move on now to discuss some social issues across the board. Governor Bush, lets start with you. Many Republicans have been outraged recently by a series of videos on Planned Parenthood. You now say that you support ending federal funding for this organization. However, until late 2014, right before you started your campaign, you sat on the board of a Bloomberg charity that quite publicly gave tens of millions of dollars to Planned Parenthood while you were a director. How could you not know about these well publicized donations, and if you did know, how could you help a charity so openly committed to abortion rights?
Did you know it?
Senator Rubio, you favor a rape and incest exception to abortion bans. Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York just said yesterday those exceptions are preposterous. He said they discriminate against an entire class of human beings. If you believe that life begins at conception, as you say you do, how do you justify ending a life just because it begins violently, through no fault of the baby?
You dont favor a rape and incest exception?
Mr. Trump, in 1999, you said you were, quote, very pro- choice. Even supporting partial-birth abortion. You favored an assault weapons ban as well. In 2004, you said in most cases you identified as a Democrat. Even in this campaign, your critics say you often sound more like a Democrat than a Republican, calling several of your opponents on the stage things like clowns and puppets. When did you actually become a Republican?
Governor Bush, I want to ask you, on the subject of name calling of your fellow candidates, a story appeared today quoting an anonymous GOP donor who said you called Mr. Trump a clown, a buffoon, something else that cannot be repeated on television.
Is it true?
Mr. Trump, 30 seconds.
The subject of gay marriage and religious liberty. Governor Kasich, if you had a son or daughter who was gay or lesbian, how would you explain to them your opposition to same-sex marriage?
How would you  how would you explain it to a child?
Senator Paul, in the wake of the Supreme Courts ruling on same sex marriage, Carol Fox on Facebook want to know the following. Quote, what will you do to ensure Christians are not prosecuted for speaking out against gay marriage and will Christians be forced to conduct business that conflicts with their religious beliefs?
Governor Walker, many in the Black Live Matter movement, and beyond, believe that overly-aggressive police officers targeting young African Americans is the civil rights issue of our time. Do you agree? And if so, how do you plan to address it? And if not, why not?
Thank you.
We have to stand you by, because after the break, were going to let the candidates make their closing statements, their final thoughts, and God. Stay tuned for that. (COMMERCIAL BREAK)
Welcome back. In our final moments here together, were going to allow the candidates to offer their final thoughts. But first, we want to ask them an interesting closing question from Chase Norton on Facebook, who wants to know this of the candidates: I want to know if any of them have received a word from God on what they should do and take care of first. Senator Cruz, start from you. Any word from God?
Governor Kasich, same question.
Governor Walker, same question.
Senator Rubio, I want to ask you the same question. But I do want to mention, a woman just came here to the stage and asked, what about the veterans? I want to hear more about what these candidates are going to do for our nations veterans. So I put the question to you about God and the veterans, which you may find to be related.
Dr. Carson, a question to you about God and his role, but also, one of the issues that the public was very interested in, and we touched on it earlier, is race relations in this country, and how divided we seem right now. And what, if anything, you can do  you would do as the next president to help heal that divide.
Governor Christie?
Senator Ted Cruz.
Governor Scott Walker.
Its over!
Are you relieved? You were nervous before, they  they dont look relieved. They look get me outta here. Thank you all very much, and that will do it for the first Republican primary <debate> night of the 2016 presidential race. Our thanks to the candidates, who will now be joined by their families on stage.