
I fully understand.
I fully understand.
I cannot say. I have to respect the person that, if its not me, the person that wins, if I do win, and Im leading by quite a bit, thats what I want to do. I can totally make that pledge. If Im the nominee, I will pledge I will not run as an independent. But  and I am discussing it with everybody, but Im, you know, talking about a lot of leverage. We want to win, and we will win. But I want to win as the Republican. I want to run as the Republican nominee.
Well, Ive given him plenty of money.
I will not make the pledge at this time.
Only Rosie ODonnell. (LAUGHTER)
Thank you.
Yes, Im sure it was.
I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct. (APPLAUSE) Ive been challenged by so many people, and I dont frankly have time for total political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesnt have time either. This country is in big trouble. We dont win anymore. We lose to China. We lose to Mexico both in trade and at the border. We lose to everybody. And frankly, what I say, and oftentimes its fun, its kidding. We have a good time. What I say is what I say. And honestly Megyn, if you dont like it, Im sorry. Ive been very nice to you, although I could probably maybe not be, based on the way you have treated me. But I wouldnt do that. (APPLAUSE) But you know what, we  we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around. That, I can tell you right now.
So, if it werent for me, you wouldnt even be talking about illegal immigration, Chris. You wouldnt even be talking about it. (APPLAUSE)
This was not a subject that was on anybodys mind until I brought it up at my announcement. And I said, Mexico is sending. Except the reporters, because theyre a very dishonest lot, generally speaking, in the world of politics, they didnt cover my statement the way I said it. The fact is, since then, many killings,murders, crime, drugs pouring across the border, are money going out and the drugs coming in. And I said we need to build a wall, and it has to be built quickly. And I dont mind having a big beautiful door in that wall so that people can come into this country legally. But we need, Jeb, to build a wall, we need to keep illegals out. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
Border Patrol, I was at the border last week. Border Patrol, people that I deal with, that I talk to, they say this is whats happening. Because our leaders are stupid. Our politicians are stupid. And the Mexican government is much smarter, much sharper, much more cunning. And they send the bad ones over because they dont want to pay for them. They dont want to take care of them. Why should they when the stupid leaders of the United States will do it for them? And thats what is happening whether you like it or not. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
A complete disaster, yes.
Correct.
First of all, Id like to just go back to one. In July of 2004, I came out strongly against the war with Iraq, because it was going to destabilize the Middle East. And Im the only one on this stage that knew that and had the vision to say it. And thats exactly what happened.
And the Middle East became totally destabilized. So I just want to say. As far as single payer, it works in Canada. It works incredibly well in Scotland. It could have worked in a different age, which is the age youre talking about here. What Id like to see is a private system without the artificial lines around every state. I have a big company with thousands and thousands of employees. And if Im negotiating in New York or in New Jersey or in California, I have like one bidder. Nobody can bid. You know why? Because the insurance companies are making a fortune because they have control of the politicians, of course, with the exception of the politicians on this stage. But they have total control of the politicians. Theyre making a fortune. Get rid of the artificial lines and you will have (BUZZER NOISE)  yourself great plans. And then we have to take care of the people that cant take care of themselves. And I will do that through a different system. (CROSSTALK)
Im not  Im not are  I dont think you heard me. Youre having a hard time tonight.
Youd better believe it.
If I ask them, if I need them, you know, most of the people on this stage Ive given to, just so you understand, a lot of money.
Many of them.
Not much.
But I (CROSSTALK)  Donald, if you (CROSSTALK)
I have good
Good.
Sounds good. Sounds good to me, Governor. I will tell you that our system is broken. I gave to many people, before this, before two months ago, I was a businessman. I give to everybody. When they call, I give. And do you know what? When I need something from them two years later, three years later, I call them, they are there for me.
And thats a broken system.
Well, Ill tell you what, with Hillary Clinton, I said be at my wedding and she came to my wedding. You know why? She didnt have a choice because I gave. I gave to a foundation that, frankly, that foundation is supposed to do good. I didnt know her money would be used on private jets going all over the world. It was. But (BUZZER NOISE) (CROSSTALK)
Because I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my family, et cetera. I have never gone bankrupt, by the way. I have never. But out of hundreds of deals
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Excuse me, what am I saying? Out of hundreds of deals that Ive done, hundreds, on four occasions Ive taken advantage of the laws of this country, like other people. Im not going to name their names because Im not going to embarrass, but virtually every person that you read about on the front page of the business sections, theyve used the law. The difference is, when somebody else uses those laws, nobody writes about it. When I use it, they say, Trump, Trump, Trump. The fact is, I built a net worth of more than $10 billion. I have a great, great company. I employ thousands of people. And Im very proud of the job I did. Again Chris, hundreds and hundreds of deals. Four times, Ive taken advantage of the laws. And frankly, so has everybody else in my position.
Well, I
Let me just tell you about the lenders. First of all, these lenders arent babies. These are total killers. These are not the nice, sweet little people that you think, OK? (LAUGHTER) (APPLAUSE) You know, I mean youre living in a world of the make-believe, Chris, you want to know the truth. (APPLAUSE) And I had the good sense to leave Atlantic City, which by the way, Caesars just went bankrupt. Every company, Chris can tell you, every company virtually in Atlantic City went bankrupt. (LAUGHTER) Every company. And let me just tell you. I had the good sense, and Ive gotten a lot of credit in the financial pages, seven years ago I left Atlantic City before it totally cratered, and I made a lot of money in Atlantic City, and Im very proud of it. I want to tell you that. Very, very proud of it.
And by the way, this country right now owes $19 trillion. And they need somebody like me to straighten out that mess. (APPLAUSE)
I dont think they like me very much. Ill tell you what. Ive evolved on many issues over the years. And you know who else has? Is Ronald Reagan evolved on many issues. And I am pro-life. And if you look at the question, I was in business. They asked me a question as to pro-life or choice. And I said if you let it run, that I hate the concept of abortion. I hate the concept of abortion. And then since then, Ive very much evolved. And what happened is friends of mine years ago were going to have a child, and it was going to be aborted. And it wasnt aborted. And that child today is a total superstar, a great, great child. And I saw that. And I saw other instances. And I am very, very proud to say that I am pro-life. As far as being a Republican is concerned, I come from a place, New York City, which is virtually, I mean, it is almost exclusively Democrat. And I have really started to see some of the negatives  as an example, and I have a lot of liking for this man, but the last number of months of his brothers administration were a catastrophe. And unfortunately, those few months gave us President Obama. And you cant be happy about that. (APPLAUSE)
First of all, Jeb, I am very happy that you denied that, and I appreciate that very much. He is a true gentleman. He really is. One thing he did say, and I mean that. The one thing he did say about me, however, was my tone. And I also understand that. But when you have people that are cutting Christians heads off, when you have a world that the border and at so many places, that it is medieval times, weve never  it almost has to be as bad as it ever was in terms of the violence and the horror, we dont have time for tone. We have to go out and get the job done. (APPLAUSE)
I would be so different from what you have right now. Like, the polar opposite. We have a president who doesnt have a clue. I would say hes incompetent, but I dont want to do that because thats not nice. (LAUGHTER)
But if you look at the deals we make, whether its the nuclear deal with 24 hour periods  and by the way, before you get to the 24 hours, you have to go through a system. You look at Sergeant Bergdahl, we get Bergdahl, a traitor, and they get five of the big, great killers leaders that they want. We have people in Washington that dont know what theyre doing. Now (APPLAUSE)
I agree. (APPLAUSE)
Now, with Iran, were making a deal, you would say, we want him. We want out our prisoners. We want all these things, and we dont get anything. Were giving them $150 billion dollars plus, they are going to be  Ill tell you what, if Iran was a stock, you folks should go out and buy it right now because youll quadruple  this, whats happening in Iran, is a disgrace, and its going to lead to destruction in large portions of the world. (APPLAUSE)
Our country is in serious trouble. We dont win anymore. We dont beat China in trade. We dont beat Japan, with their millions and millions of cars coming into this country, in trade. We cant beat Mexico, at the border or in trade. We cant do anything right. Our military has to be strengthened. Our vets have to be taken care of. We have to end Obamacare, and we have to make our country great again, and I will do that. Thank you.