
Also of note, Fox News is partnering for tonights debate with Facebook. For the past several weeks, weve been asking you for questions for the candidates on Facebook. Nearly 6 million of you, 6 million, viewed the debate videos on our site, and more than 40,000 of you submitted questions: some of which you will hear us asking the candidates tonight.
Kentucky Senator Rand Paul. (APPLAUSE) New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. (APPLAUSE) And your very own governor of Ohio (APPLAUSE)  John Kasich. (APPLAUSE)
Brett  Brett, I think you would call that a home field advantage.
Senator Rubio, when Jeb Bush announced his candidacy for presidency, he said this: Theres no passing off responsibility when youre a governor, no blending into the legislative crowd. Could you please address Governor Bush across the stage here, and explain to him why you, someone who has never held executive office, are better prepared to be president than he is, a man who you say did a great job running your state of Florida for eight years.
Senator Cruz, your colleague, Senator Paul, right there next to you, said a few months ago he agrees with you on a number of issues, but he says you do nothing to grow the party. He says you feed red meat to the base, but you dont reach out to minorities. You have a toxic relationship with GOP leaders in Congress. You even called the Republican Senate Leader Mitch McConnell a liar recently. (APPLAUSE) How can you win in 2016 when youre such a divisive figure?
Governor Huckabee, like Governor Walker, you have staked out strong positions on social issues. You favor a constitutional amendment banning same sex marriage. You favor a constitutional amendment banning abortions, except for the life of the mother. Millions of people in this country agree with you, but according to the polls, and again this an electability question, according to the polls, more people dont, so how do you persuade enough Independents and Democrats to get elected in 2016?
Gentlemen, were turning to a new subject that all of you have been talking about and some of you have been disagreeing about, and that is the issue of immigration. Governor Bush, you released a new plan this week on illegal immigration focusing on enforcement, which some suggest is your effort to show that youre not soft on that issue. I want to ask you about a statement that you made last year about illegal immigrants. And heres what you said. They broke the law, but its not a felony, its an act of love. Its an act of commitment to your family. Do you stand by that statement and do you stand by your support for earned legal status?
Thank you, sir. (APPLAUSE)
Mr. Trump, it has not escaped anybodys notice that you say that the Mexican government, the Mexican government is sending criminals  rapists, drug dealers, across the border. Governor Bush has called those remarks, quote, extraordinarily ugly. Id like you  youre right next to him  tell us  talk to him directly and say how you respond to that and  and you have repeatedly said that you have evidence that the Mexican government is doing this, but you have evidence you have refused or declined to share. Why not use this first Republican presidential debate to share your proof with the American people?
Mr. Trump, Ill give you 30 seconds  Ill give you 30 seconds to answer my question, which was, what evidence do you have, specific evidence that the Mexican government is sending criminals across the border? Thirty seconds.
All right. Obviously theres a lot more to talk about this. Were going to have more questions for the candidates on illegal immigration, plus other key topics including your questions on Facebook. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Welcome back to FOX News/Facebook Republican Debate Night. Were going to continue the questions now on illegal immigration. We kind of ended with a cliffhanger there. So lets continue the conversation.
Governor Kasich, I know you dont like to talk about Donald Trump. But I do want to ask you about the merit of what he just said. When you say that the American government is stupid, that the Mexican government is sending criminals, that were being bamboozled, is that an adequate response to the question of illegal immigration?
Respectfully, can we talk about illegal immigration?
All right, well, Senator Rubio, let me see if I can do better with you. Is it as simple as our leaders are stupid, their leaders are smart, and all of these illegals coming over are criminals?
Governor Walker. (APPLAUSE)
Governor Walker, from 2002 until as recently as 2013, just two years ago, you supported comprehensive immigration reform, including a path to citizenship. Now you say that was a quick reaction to something you hadnt really thought about, and that youve changed your mind. Other than politics, could you explain why in the last two years youve changed your position on a path to citizenship, and are there other past positions that we shouldnt hold you to?
Senator Cruz, some 1,400 people submitted questions on this very hot topic of illegal immigration on Facebook, and a number of them were about the murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco, allegedly shot down by an illegal. Doug Bettencourt sent this question, will you support Kate Steinles Law, which would impose a mandatory five-year prison term for an illegal who is deported and then returns to this country? And will you defund sanctuary cities for violating federal law?
Gentlemen, were obviously digging into some subjects in depth, but were also going to change it up every once in a while throughout the next hour and have many rounds where we ask, you are not going to like it, only a couple of candidates questions on those subjects. This is the first of the many rounds, and its about somebody whose name probably hasnt been mentioned enough so far tonight. Governor Kasich, let me start with you. Whoever the Republican nominee  (APPLAUSE)
Whoever the Republican nominee is, it looks at least for now like whoever that nominee is, he or she, will be facing off against Hillary Clinton. You know how she will come after whoever the Republican nominee is. She will say that you, whoever it is, support the rich while she supports the middle class. That you want to suppress the rights of women and minorities. She wants to move the country forward while you, the Republicans, want to take the country back to the past. How will you, if youre the nominee, how will you answer that and take Hillary Clinton on?
I know that all of you would like to answer this question, but were only going to ask one other candidate before we move on to a different subject, Dr. Carson. Basically, same question to you. If Hillary Clinton is the nominee and she comes at you with that kind of line of attack, how will you take Iraq?
Gentlemen, were going to turn now to the subject of the economy, jobs and money and the government. And Governor Bush, Im going to start with you. You have made a bold promise in your announcement. You have promised four percent economic growth and 19 million new jobs if you are fortunate enough to serve two terms as president. That many jobs, 19 million, would be triple what your father and your brother accomplished together. And four percent growth, the last president to average that was Lyndon Johnson during the height of the Vietnam War. So question, how on Earth specifically would you pull that off?
Governor Walker. (APPLAUSE) Governor Walker, when you ran for governor of Wisconsin back in 2010, you promised that you would create 250,000 jobs in your first term, first four years. In fact, Wisconsin added barely half that and ranked 35th in the country in job growth. Now youre running for president, and youre promising an economic plan in which everyone will earn a piece of the American dream. Given your record in Wisconsin, why should voters believe you?
Governor Christie, I want to engage you and Governor Huckabee in a subject that is a big issue in both of your campaigns, and that is entitlement reform. You say that you  to save the system that you want to raise the retirement age  have to raise the retirement age, and to cut benefits for Social Security and Medicare, and you say that some of the candidates here on the stage are lying. Governor Huckabee says he can save Social Security and Medicare without doing any of that. Is he lying?
Governor Huckabee? You say that changing entitlements, the kind of thing that Governor Christie is talking about, would be breaking a promise to the American people, and you say that you can keep those programs, save Social Security, save Medicare, without those kinds of reforms through a Fair (ph) tax, which is a broad tax on consumption. Please explain to Governor Christie how that would work, and how you could save these programs without the kind of painful reforms he says we need? Thirty seconds. Alright, this is it. Thirty Seconds, finally.
All right. Enough. (APPLAUSE)
Mr. Trump.
Mr. Trump, you talk a lot about how you are the person on this stage to grow the economy. I want to ask you about your business record. Trump corporations  Trump corporations, casinos and hotels, have declared bankruptcy four times over the last quarter-century. In 2011, you told Forbes Magazine this: Ive used the laws of the country to my advantage. But at the same time, financial experts involved in those bankruptcies say that lenders to your companies lost billions of dollars. Question sir, with that record, why should we trust you to run the nations business?
No, but the concept sir  thats your line, but your companies have gone bankrupt.
Well sir, lets just talk about the latest example (APPLAUSE)  which is Trump Entertainment Resorts, which went bankrupt in 2009. In that case alone, lenders to your company lost over $1 billion and more than 1,100 people were laid off.
Is that the way that youd run the country?
So
Senator Rubio. Senator Rubio, more than 3,000 people sent us questions about the economy and jobs on Facebook. And here is a video question from Tania Cioloko from Philadelphia. Here she is. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Senator, how do you answer Tania?
Senator Rubio, thank you. (APPLAUSE)
Senator Paul, closing statement.
Dr. Carson, closing statement.
Governor Bush, closing statement, sir.